README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/henningerlandsen/hildring.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/henningerlandsen/hildring)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/g942gs2ugbw5yan6/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/henningerlandsen/hildring/branch/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/henningerlandsen/hildring/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/henningerlandsen/hildring)


# hildring
Playground for new ideas, techniques and tools in the form of an OpenGL rendernig engine.

## Todo
- [x] Select a window framework (gflw)
- [x] Setup a rendering window
- [x] Window wrapper
- [x] Build verification
    - [x] Travis
        - [x] Linux
        - [x] Mac
    - [x] AppVeyor
        - [x] Windows
    - [x] Code coverage
        - [x] Setup codecov.io
        - [x] Generate coverage report
            - [x] Linux
            - [x] Mac os
        - [x] Disable for other platforms?
        - [x] Exclude externals dir
- [x] Setup clang-format
- [x] Testing framework
- [ ] Engine architechture:
    - [ ] Entities
        - [ ] can be created
        - [ ] can be destroyed
            - [ ] attached Components are also destroyed
        - [ ] can have Components
    - [x] Components
        - [x] belong to one system
        - [x] can be created 
        - [x] can be modified
        - [x] can be destroyed
        - [x] are tied to an EntityId
    - [x] Systems
        - [x] Systems can be registered
        - [x] Constant lookup
        - [x] Use lambda instead of returning pointer
    - [ ] Event subscription
        - [ ] Input events
        - [ ] Entity events (destruction)
        - [ ] Update tick event

- [ ] GLContext wrapper
- [ ] Capture input events
- [ ] Add scripting framework

```
auto entity = Entities::create();
entity.add<Triangles>([](Triangles& t){
    t.vertices = {{1.0, 0.0}, {0.0, 0.0}, {0.0, 1.0}}; 
})
entity.add<Texture>([](Texture& t){
    t.file = "texture.png"
});
```

Commit message:

ECS Entities part 1 (#15)
* Entities are created with unique ids

* Rename generateId -> getNextId

* Add copy test

* Can create components

* Add component accessor

* Add destroy components

* Ignore test files in coverage report

* Moved from entities are invalidated

* Add move assigment tests

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/henningerlandsen/hildring.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/henningerlandsen/hildring)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/g942gs2ugbw5yan6/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/henningerlandsen/hildring/branch/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/henningerlandsen/hildring/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/henningerlandsen/hildring)


# hildring
Playground for new ideas, techniques and tools in the form of an OpenGL rendernig engine.

## Todo
- [x] Select a window framework (gflw)
- [x] Setup a rendering window
- [x] Window wrapper
- [x] Build verification
    - [x] Travis
        - [x] Linux
        - [x] Mac
    - [x] AppVeyor
        - [x] Windows
    - [x] Code coverage
        - [x] Setup codecov.io
        - [x] Generate coverage report
            - [x] Linux
            - [x] Mac os
        - [x] Disable for other platforms?
        - [x] Exclude externals dir
    - [ ] Static analysis
- [x] Setup clang-format
- [x] Testing framework
- [ ] Engine architechture:
    - [ ] Entities
        - [x] can be moved, not copied.
            - [ ] implement for support classes also.
        - [x] can be created
        - [ ] can be destroyed
            - [ ] attached Components are also destroyed.
            - [x] Entities are tied to scope 
            - [ ] Entity id is freed?
        - [x] can have Components
    - [x] Components
        - [x] belong to one system
        - [x] can be created 
        - [x] can be modified
        - [x] can be destroyed
        - [x] are tied to an EntityId
    - [x] Systems
        - [x] Systems can be registered
        - [x] Constant lookup
        - [x] Use lambda instead of returning pointer
    - [ ] Event subscription
        - [ ] Input events
        - [ ] Entity events (destruction)
        - [ ] Update tick event
        - [ ] Component changes
- [ ] Modularization
    - [ ] Move from [inc|src|test]/[package] structure to [package]/[inc|src|test]
- [ ] GLContext wrapper
- [ ] Capture input events
- [ ] Add scripting framework

```
auto entity = Entities::create();
entity.add<Triangles>([](Triangles& t){
    t.vertices = {{1.0, 0.0}, {0.0, 0.0}, {0.0, 1.0}}; 
})
entity.add<Texture>([](Texture& t){
    t.file = "texture.png"
});
```
